---
date: 2025-01-24T20:27:06.112Z
title: uncle B
description: something thisn
author: mrt
instaurl: asdfsd
tags:
  - post
image: /assets/uploads/urban-vintage-78a265wpio4-unsplash.jpg
imageAlt: dfgsd
readLength: 4 min
---
<!--StartFragment-->

"What the JP \[Judge president] will say is that the incident as you relate it, did not happen. The JP will also tell you that he can account for his entire day on the 14th, that he was giving a lecture, went to the bank and the only time he met you that day is shortly after teatime in his secretary’s office."

Mengo had testified that the secretary was not in her office that day. 

> However, Sikhakhane said that the secretary was, in fact, there and only left at 16:45 while the register allegedly showed Mengo leaving at 16:30. 

Mengo, however, said the judge president’s version of events is not true. 

Sikhakhane has given an indication that the judge’s secretary will be called to testify before the tribunal.

Meanwhile, Sikhakhane has indicated that his client will deny that the sexual conversations he had with a junior employee in his division constituted harassment.   

Sikhakhane concluded Mengo before the tribunal.

Mengo accused the judge of making unwanted sexual advances towards her between June 2021 and November 2022 and even attempted to expose his manhood to her in his chambers.   

The top judge, however, disputes this and said he did not understand his suggestive messages to the junior staffer to be unwelcome. 

Speaking to Mengo, Sikhakhane gave an indication of the senior judge’s forthcoming testimony.

"And he will agree and state that the discussions did get sexual. His version will be that the conversations were not unwelcome. But what fundamentally he will deny is that he abused his power in those conversations. And he will say that how you felt as you stated here was not clearly communicated to him. But he will deny that it constituted harassing you," said Sikhakhane. 

<!--EndFragment-->